## Naive Bayes Classifier Web Application System

### URL: https://mohammadkhorasani.pythonanywhere.com/

Classification is one of the cornerstones of data mining and its corresponding applications. Given a large dataset, one might face the inherent need of classifying data entries based on their features and attributes. As seen in assignment 6, where there was a requirement to classify restaurants as ‘passing’ or ‘failing’ a hygiene test given a trained dataset. From classifying medical patients as being likely to be diagnosed with diabetes or not, to classifying debtors as likely to default or not the applications of classification are virtually endless. And indeed, a simple web application system that executes classification online is not readily available as of now and can therefore be regarded as a ‘novel’ application. In this project, I will design and deploy a classification application that can be utilized with relative ease and hassle by any user and for any purpose online.
The most popular and common form of algorithm/technique for classification is the Naïve Bayes classification method. In this application system, a script was written in Python 3.7, making use of the ‘sklearn’ library to execute the classification operation. The user will need to upload a comma separated variable text file consisting of their trained and test data samples. The trained samples must have an additional classification label at the end of each corresponding tuple, while the test tuples must have no label and should come after the training tuples as shown below:


The application will automatically detect which tuples are trained and which ones are test tuples. Subsequently the classification operation will be executed using the Naïve Bayes technique and the finally the predicted classification will be appended to the end of each test tuple. The text file will then be available for downloading with the newly added labels to the test tuples.
